Added Italian-specific cases (#318)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/middleware-it-registratore-telematico/reference-tables/type-of-receipt-ftreceiptcase.md

_CCCC_vlll_gggg_txcc_ 

#### v - version
version 2

| **Value**            | **Description**                                                                                     |
|----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|t|ReceiptCaseType|
|txcc|ReceiptCase|
|gggg|global tagging/flag|

#### t - ReceiptCaseType

| **Value** | **Category** | **Description** |
|-----------|-----------------|-------------------------|
| `0` | Receipt  | A basic receipt that is generated as part of a POS sale. A receipt usually serves as proof of payment. The receipt is used after the transaction is done (if goods are received). This is the usual process that is done at a POS.  |

> | `1` | Invoice  | An invoice is generated for those cases where payment isn�t handled immediately.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `1` | Invoice  | An invoice is generated for those cases where payment isn't handled immediately.  |
```
